Content EN: https://www.dprep.ac.th/special-courses/playgroup/ 
Playgroup for Pre-Kindergarten at Megabangna
The first steps to your child’s learning journey


Let’s face it! Parenting is not easy. Aside from caring for their child’s needs, parents also have to work and deal with taking care of finances, household responsibilities, and more. When overwhelmed with all these responsibilities, it’s often difficult for parents to focus on their baby or toddler’s learning. Luckily, parents have an opportunity to teach their children in a fun and engaging way through playgroups.


Playgroup at D-PREP
Playgroups vary from organization to organization. At D-PREP International School Bangna, playgroups are connected to our early years curriculum, including play-based learning, the Reggio Emilia approach, and Life Skills Framework. Here’s how D-PREP playgroup incorporates these learning styles:
* Play-based learning – This type of learning involves both child-initiated and teacher-supported learning. The teacher encourages learning and inquiry, stretching a child’s thinking to higher levels. In D-PREP’s playgroup activities, explorative learning is encouraged, where children play with toys in different shapes and colors to help spark their imagination.
* Reggio Emilia approach – Reggio Emilia is a child-centered approach based on the idea that all children are full of potential, with an innate sense of curiosity and imagination. In D-PREP’s playgroup, children get access to different play stations they can explore.
* Life Skills Framework – The D-PREP Life Skills Framework integrates four domains: self-understanding, social understanding, livelihood, and active citizenship. By letting children take control of their learning and discovery, the playgroup encourages them to experience their inner power and realize that they’re capable of creating their own realities.


Benefits of playgroup in early childhood
In a playgroup, parents and guardians get together with their babies and toddlers to connect and learn through play. Research shows that play deprivation during early childhood development causes long-term effects such as isolation, depression, reduced self-control, and poor resilience.


Playgroups allow children aged 11 months to 3 years old to move and explore their surroundings safely under adult supervision. They also better bond with their parents and guardians, which improves holistic development. Most of all, playgroups teach parents techniques to merge education and play in their child’s day-to-day activities.


Class information
D-PREP International School playgroups are held at our Megabangna branch located on the 2nd floor of the mall. There are two main group classes:
Little Explorers Playgroup – Sensory & Activity: includes both structured and free play like Messy & Water, Music and games, Light and Shadow Freeplay, and Arts & Crafts.
Mommy & Me Playdate: Storytime, Dramatic Play, Music and Art and Crafts. Children socialize with friends during free play, including sensory activities. A parent or guardian should also be present as they will be joining the class.


Who should attend playgroups?
Playgroups are designed to teach babies and toddlers through play. It is also meant to enhance the children and their parents’ bond. D-PREP playgroups are for children ages 11 months to 3 years old. 
Children can also be accompanied by their parents, grandparents, or carers. Playgroups are inclusive. At D-PREP, we provide a welcoming environment for parents who support their child’s development and growth.


Playgroup schedule and dynamics
We offer classes every Monday and Wednesday. The duration per class will be 1 hour and 15 minutes and are suitable for children ages 11 months to 3 years old.
Time
	Class
	10:00-11:15 AM
	Little Explorers Playgroup 
(children ages 2.5 to 3 years old)
	11:30-12:45 PM
	Mommy & Me Playdate 
(children ages 11 months to 2.5 years old)
	FAQ – Frequently asked questions
Will Playgroups be in English?
Yes, D-PREP playgroup classes will be in English. Parents who want to enhance their 
communication skills are also encouraged to participate.


Do you accept walk-ins or drop-ins?
You may visit our Megabangna branch to inquire about the classes. However, you will have to make a reservation to secure a slot for playgroup.


How do I prepare toddlers for playgroup?
Parents and guardians can prepare their children for playgroup by ensuring they are well-rested and have eaten properly. Parents can also practice background hearing by letting their children listen to English nursery rhymes at home.


D-PREP playgroup takes precautions against the spread of COVID-19 and encourages parents and children to maintain proper hygiene inside and outside the class.


How many students will each class have?
Maximum of 5 students per class.